hello darling heyo so today I'm finally
doing this review I am man meat I am
serving 1950 run like my polka dots so
yes this is a very blonde bombshell as
wig um when I first got it the first
thing that I thought of was big ol like
old Hollywood curls that's what i did i
just put like these wavy ringlets in and
you know that the hair is really thick
and it's really nice it holds curls I
did these curls like probably two hours
ago and I lift it on my wig mannequin
boom right there and I went and I did my
makeup and everything that came back and
the girls were still beautiful I didn't
even have to retouch or anything um and
I don't really have any hairspray in it
but I'm scared to move my hand little
too much because I like this thing I got
going on with this shot okay so I got
sent this wig from Davis wigs thank you
so much divas wigs for being so patient
with me i'm pretty sure i have had this
week for half a year if not longer but
it is beautiful and so much fun I didn't
even do anything else to the wig I was
going to like darken the roots because
this is like pain it kind of like a
golden brownish color over here and I
was gonna darken it so it was a little
bit more realistic look like it was
coming out on my scalp and then I was
like you know what that's not work and I
don't know about you guys but dying
routes without dying lace is hard I
think I've done it once successfully and
then I was like
again so for the show and tell I'd like
to tell you especially Kersh aims for
this particular unit that I'm wearing
this is a custom wavy Beyonce human hair
wig and the number is w c 0 18 I think
the hair type is a hundred percent
indian remy I got the hair color just
like the picture although this looks a
lot lighter than the picture but that's
okay because it works but still um the
lace is swiss lace and the texture that
it came in is kind of like this silky
it's a course Sookie but it's silky um
and I got the cap in three which is the
glueless cap because you know I don't
like wearing blue um so my hair can be
corn rolled and I can put away cap on
and there's to comb attachments right
here one right here with the adjustable
strap in the back the latest color is in
my crown um and I on my website it says
that the density is a hundred percent
but my density is one hundred and fifty
percent because i like the fullness and
the thickness of wigs after I gave divas
wigs the specifications that I like they
sent the way got to be super quick I
think was less than 20 days and when it
arrived I was so excited for putting on
change the angle a little bit so you can
see the color
you
this is how precious minimal shedding if
any this is my brush it is completely
clean watches
look nothing
it's a fun little break from doing my
own hair bow but um so yeah the customer
service videos wigs is awesome I know
that knee I can personally email them
like a couple of days later and be like
oh yeah I'll remember what I said I
wanted that can i change it so you know
they're awesome they will definitely
work with you this is a gorgeous unit
now I don't know maybe I might venture
out the house we're in this beautiful
unit is very eye-catching so be prepared
for people to stop you and ask you perm
what in the world where did you get Joe
and then cuz most people aren't gonna
assume that it's a wig unless you got
where I tell them and I do I don't care
she's really fun I know I'm going to
spend some time playing in her today so
thank you guys so much for watching
Thank You divas wags for sending out
this beautiful ortus unit and uh all the
additional information is in the
description box below I will talk to you
later turtles dog
okay the dogs are barking now it's a
filming's over toodaloo